MINOR: remove the 3 in CSS (#19421)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_doublecolon_first-letter/index.md

- Some languages have digraphs that are always capitalized together, like the `IJ` in Dutch. In these cases, both letters of the digraph should be matched by the `::first-letter` pseudo-element.
- A combination of the {{ cssxref("::before") }} pseudo-element and the {{ cssxref("content") }} property may inject some text at the beginning of the element. In that case, `::first-letter` will match the first letter of this generated content.

> > **Note:** Selectors Level 3 introduced the `::first-letter` notation (with two colons) to distinguish [pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) from [pseudo-elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements). Browsers also accept `:first-letter`, introduced in CSS2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** CSS introduced the `::first-letter` notation (with two colons) to distinguish [pseudo-classes](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) from [pseudo-elements](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements). For backward compatibility, browsers also accept `:first-letter`, introduced earlier.
```
